prep intro inventory page to be subdivided (#78634)
ansible/ansible: docs/docsite/rst/inventory_guide/intro_inventory.rst

You can see that ``one.example.com`` exists in the ``dbservers``, ``east``, and ``prod`` groups.

.. _child_groups:

Grouping groups: parent/child group relationships
-------------------------------------------------

> You can create parent/child relationships among groups. Parent groups are also known as nested groups or groups of groups. For example, if all your production hosts are already in groups like ``atlanta_prod`` and ``denver_prod``, you can create a ``production`` group that includes those smaller groups. This approach reduces maintenance because you can add or remove hosts from the parent group by editing the child groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create parent/child relationships among groups. Parent groups are also known as nested groups or groups of groups. For example, if all your production hosts are already in groups such as  ``atlanta_prod`` and ``denver_prod``, you can create a ``production`` group that includes those smaller groups. This approach reduces maintenance because you can add or remove hosts from the parent group by editing the child groups.
```

    [databases]
    db-[a:f].example.com

.. _using_multiple_inventory_sources:

Passing multiple inventory sources
==================================

You can target multiple inventory sources (directories, dynamic inventory scripts
or files supported by inventory plugins) at the same time by giving multiple inventory parameters from the command
line or by configuring :envvar:`ANSIBLE_INVENTORY`. This can be useful when you want to target normally
separate environments, like staging and production, at the same time for a specific action.

> Target two sources from the command line like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To target two inventory sources from the command line:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    ansible-playbook get_logs.yml -i staging -i production

.. _inventory_directory:

Organizing inventory in a directory
===================================

You can consolidate multiple inventory sources in a single directory. The simplest version of this is a directory with multiple files instead of a single inventory file. A single file gets difficult to maintain when it gets too long. If you have multiple teams and multiple automation projects, having one inventory file per team or project lets everyone easily find the hosts and groups that matter to them.

You can also combine multiple inventory source types in an inventory directory. This can be useful for combining static and dynamic hosts and managing them as one inventory.
The following inventory directory combines an inventory plugin source, a dynamic inventory script,
and a file with static hosts:

.. code-block:: text

    inventory/

>       openstack.yml          # configure inventory plugin to get hosts from Openstack cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      openstack.yml          # configure inventory plugin to get hosts from OpenStack cloud
```

      dynamic-inventory.py   # add additional hosts with dynamic inventory script
      on-prem                # add static hosts and groups
      parent-groups          # add static hosts and groups

> You can target this inventory directory simply like this:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can target this inventory directory as follows:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    ansible-playbook example.yml -i inventory

> You can also configure the inventory directory in your ``ansible.cfg`` file. See :ref:`configuration` for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also configure the inventory directory in your ``ansible.cfg`` file. See :ref:`intro_configuration` for more details.
```

Managing inventory load order
-----------------------------

Ansible loads inventory sources in ASCII order according to the filenames. If you define parent groups in one file or directory and child groups in other files or directories, the files that define the child groups must be loaded first. If the parent groups are loaded first, you will see the error ``Unable to parse /path/to/source_of_parent_groups as an inventory source``.

For example, if you have a file called ``groups-of-groups`` that defines a ``production`` group with child groups defined in a file called ``on-prem``, Ansible cannot parse the ``production`` group. To avoid this problem, you can control the load order by adding prefixes to the files:

.. code-block:: text

    inventory/

>       01-openstack.yml          # configure inventory plugin to get hosts from Openstack cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      01-openstack.yml          # configure inventory plugin to get hosts from OpenStack cloud
```
